PENDING
0 Detected screen: Sync time for detections with webstream. Set time manually.
1 Share screen: Be abled to select own site (YT_ID), location/country, and coords.
2 Detected screen: Clear detected list (and stats?, resets anyway) when changing location, ask first!
3 Share screen: Remember species that have been uploaded, gray out, and check if already uploaded per session/site.
4 Add more tests
5 interactive selection of prio in/out devices, save selection to config file?
6 user should be able to get alerts on selected species that is detected
7 Detected: filter away/set black list species/omit faulty detections due to noise
8 links from species names in lists with search-url to xeno-canto web-site
9 make detect in files and spectogram plot threaded (to avoid current small delay)
.
.
99 docker image for ubuntu with working sound, if it's even possible, some tips here:
    https://stackoverflow.com/questions/41083436/how-to-play-sound-in-a-docker-container-on-mac-os-yosemite

DONE
x clean up of species list csv (fam. names and footnotes removed)
x show names only in selected lang in home chart headline
x Share screen: explicit select of the species to share/upload is now needed
x append all langs when sharing list to web app
x added about screen and logo
x Manual reset/emtpy of detected list.
x fix for ' chars in json on REST backend
x Export/share species/list to website.
x when selecting site, update the country list widget as well
x add new list in search/lists showing species with highest p-values (not the average like the current shows)
x added new theme
x using prio audio sources at startup
x created AppController för start stop of audio and detection services
x settings, start stop of audio and detection, precursor for 2. in/out selections
x Display spectograms by button click from files
x Drag and drop import of files to analyze
x Analyze files on disc + Reports.
x Species list that displays only unique species, in Search view perhaps.
x Audio input/output handling and modulization, 
x ampltude monitor extracted to separate module AmplitudeMonitor
X Detect quality indicator on first page, current, last/per 60 seconds, timeseries? 
    a. simple, and small horizontal bar chart with 4 color bar for each level, constant width.
X Implement search page (First version)
X Settings, specify month (or period) for Weeks